//Intro


Fraktal makes it easy for everyone to contribute. You do not have to be a developer or highly skilled in a specific field. There are opportunties for everyone to help Fraktal grow and transform the world!

Unlike most projects, Fraktal does not have an ICO or public token offering. The only way to receive tokens is by contributing.

Just follow these steps to start contributing and earning tokens!

If you have not yet done so join the community.
Explore the tasks below and if something is interesting mention it on the task channel in the community chat.
If you want to do something helpful that is not listed below just mention it in the channel and see what the community thinks about it!

The amount of FRAK can be adjusted based on external market conditions at any time. The task manager manages all of this and has the sole discretion to change anything.

There are 2 types of Tasks.
Fixed Price and Monthly Positions that require a pre-defined amount of requirements on a regular basis.


Initial Value : 1,000,000,000 FRAK @ $0.01 EACH = $10,000,000 . All prices are based on this assumption. If the value is different once establish external markets
are opened, this value will be adjusted so you do not have to worry.

// Monthly Tasks
Community Admin $500/month (50,000 FRAK)  - In charge of the community. Patrolling the chats, keeping things positive, answering questions.
Must have a deep understanding of the project and be able to answer and direct peoples questions.

Community/Event Manager

Personal Placement Professional $2,500/month (250,000 FRAK) - Similar to an internal recruiter. The goal is to get to know each person who enters the chat and is serious about contributing to the project in a
meaningful way. You get to know who they are and their strengths and help them find the right place to have an impact at the project. Also keep a database of everyone like a CRM
so if new opportunities come up you can let them know.

Task Manager $2,500/month (250,000 FRAK)- In charge of all things related to the tasks. Answers questions about open tasks. Keeps track of ones in progress and makes sure they are progressing,
has the authority to approve people's ideas for additional tasks, authority to remove people from tasks, change amounts, etc.

Blogger and Content $500/month (50,000 FRAK) - Responsible for staying up to date with all things Fraktal Ecosystem and writing a monthly newsletter paired with a monthly recap blog, and write a minimum of 3 other blogs per month about any partnerships
and breaking news, or explanations of the ecosystem, etc.

Graphic Designer $500/month (50,000 FRAK) - Responsible for providing graphics for social media content, blog images/covers/infographs

Social Media manager $1,000/month (100,000 FRAK) - Writing social content and distributing in effective ways to enable growth. Managing engagement on core social channels by interacting with community. Creating growth strategies which are grassroots, organic, and growth hacky.
If you are going to propose paying FB for ad space or youtube influencers, this position is not for you.
